readme.md, before:

# Welcome to my site

## What it is this site built with?
- [Eleventy.js](https://www.11ty.dev)
- [Nunjucks](https://github.com/mozilla/nunjucks)
- A little PHP

### To-Do
- [x] convert to eleventy.js
- [x] add Nunjucks
- [ ] replace jquery with vanilla javascript
- [ ] replace bootstrap with my own css
- [ ] replace Inter with an nicer font
- [x] use more css vars
- [ ] multilingual
- [ ] about page
- [ ] fix relative path structures
- [ ] make site semantic (add sections)
- [ ] fix blog links
- [ ] Modular JavaScript
- [ ] Move .table-grid css to frontpage.css
- [ ] Automatic Deployment (CD)
- [ ] Make date dynamic (in the homepage section)
- [ ] Adapt taskrunner to copy css to output folder
- [ ] Add portfolio section
- [ ] Add testimonial section
- [ ] Add resume section
- [ ] Add skills section
- [ ] Implement React or Vue.js
- [ ] A11Y

### Some sparkles ✨
1. I demand great A11Y.
2. I demand great performance.
3. I do not care about SEO.
4. I want to show that partials are possible and very practical.

Commit message:

Left Sidebar Rework
- Improved semantic HTML
- Removed elements that weren't contributing
- New google font
- New breakpoints

readme.md, after:

# Welcome to my site

## What it is this site built with?
- [Eleventy.js](https://www.11ty.dev)
- [Nunjucks](https://github.com/mozilla/nunjucks)
- A little PHP

## About CSS Structure
Style.css contains the main styles for the site or elements that are used in all pages. The rest of the styles are in the respective pages.
For example: there should only be one H1 on a site so why give it a classname? Just style it in the main stylesheet.

### Responsive.css
There's a separate responsive css file which is easier for tweaking the many breakpoints I've set. I've tried to keep the breakpoints to a minimum but I've found that it's easier to tweak the styles in a separate file.

## Responsive Breakpoints
- 320px
- 480px
- 768px
- 1024px
- 1200px
- 1440px
- 1920px
- 2560px

### To-Do
- [x] convert to eleventy.js
- [x] add Nunjucks
- [ ] replace jquery with vanilla javascript
- [ ] replace bootstrap with my own css
- [ ] replace Inter with an nicer font
- [x] use more css vars
- [ ] multilingual
- [ ] about page
- [ ] fix relative path structures
- [ ] make site semantic (add sections)
- [ ] fix blog links
- [ ] Modular JavaScript
- [ ] Move .table-grid css to frontpage.css
- [ ] Automatic Deployment (CD)
- [ ] Make date dynamic (in the homepage section)
- [ ] Adapt taskrunner to copy css to output folder
- [ ] Add portfolio section
- [ ] Add testimonial section
- [ ] Add resume section
- [ ] Add skills section
- [ ] Implement React or Vue.js
- [ ] A11Y

### Some sparkles ✨
1. I demand great A11Y.
2. I demand great performance.
3. I do not care about SEO.
4. I want to show that partials are possible and very practical.
