src/projects/mcdonaldsasfeaturedin.md, before:

---
title: McDonald's As Featured In - Promotion Site
subtitle: How I helped McDonald's celebrate being featured in movies for decades by introducing a new meal and a new promotion site.
introduction: McDonald's celebrated being featured in movies for decades by introducing a new meal and a new promotion site. I was tasked with developing the site. As an international site, the site supported over 105 languages.
years: 2023
order: 3,
dateCreated: 2023-07-05
dateModified: 2024-03-20
tags: ['project', 'post']
imageFront: /assets/img/MCD-AsFeaturedIn-IphoneTilted.png
featuredImage: /assets/img/mcd-featured.png
featuredImageAlt: McDonald's As Featured In Meal
technologies: ['WordPress', 'WPML', 'Lokalize', 'Pantheon', 'JIRA', 'Figma', 'ACF', 'Custom WP Theme', 'Git', 'PHP']
jobTitle: Senior WordPress Developer
---

### Introduction

In the dynamic realm of web development, projects often serve as a testament to collaborative prowess, creativity, and technological finesse. One such project that stands out is the short-lived yet impactful promotional site, "McDonald's As Featured In." This article delves into the intricacies of this two-month endeavor, highlighting the collaborative efforts, tools, and technologies that brought it to life.

### Project Overview

"McDonald's As Featured In" was not just a promotional site; it was a convergence of creativity and collaboration between McDonald's and the renowned Skateboard Apparel Shop, Palace. The objective was clear—to create a visually compelling and engaging platform that showcased McDonald's global influence while seamlessly integrating the unique aesthetic of Palace. In tandem with the launch of the "As Featured In" meal, the site was designed to highlight McDonald's presence in movies and TV shows.

![McDonald's As Featured In Meal](/assets/img/mcd-featured.png)

### Collaboration and Team Dynamics

The backbone of any successful project lies in effective collaboration. This venture was no exception, as it brought together a multi-disciplinary team that operated with a synergy seldom seen. Daily stand-up meetings, quality assurance processes, and the utilization of JIRA for project management ensured a smooth workflow.

### Design and Development

The design phase, executed in Figma by the talented designers of TMSW, laid the foundation for a visually clear and user-friendly interface. As the lead developer, my role was pivotal in translating these designs into a fully functional website.

### Technological Stack

The project was built on WordPress. We built a custom theme with Advanced Custom Fields (ACF) that facilitated seamless content management and customization. For version control we used Git, ensuring that the development process was streamlined and efficient. The integration of Lokalize.com with WPML played a pivotal role in streamlining the content translation. It allowed for efficient translation management, ensuring that content updates were reflected accurately across all 105locales. To achieve global reach and cater to diverse audiences, the project employed a robust technological stack. The website was hosted by Pantheon, a high-performance hosting platform that ensured optimal speed and reliability.

### Localization and Global Deployment

One of the project's standout achievements was its global footprint. With content translated into 105 languages, the site was published in an equal number of countries. This not only showcased McDonald's international influence but also demonstrated the technical prowess of the team.


### Conclusion

"McDonald's As Featured In" might have had a brief run, but its impact was far-reaching. The collaboration between McDonald's and Palace, coupled with the technical finesse of the development team, resulted in a visually appealing, multilingual website that transcended borders.

This project is not just a testament to technical expertise; it is a showcase of the seamless integration of design, development, and collaboration. As the lead developer, steering this project was not only a professional milestone but also a testament to the power of teamwork in the ever-evolving landscape of web development.

### Press

- [Adweek: Loki and Michael Scott Walk Into a McDonald's: Brand Serves Up Iconic TV and Film Orders](https://www.adweek.com/brand-marketing/loki-and-michael-scott-walk-into-a-mcdonalds-brand-serves-up-iconic-tv-and-film-orders/)
- [BusinessInsider: McDonald's 'As Featured in Meal' reminds customers that Marvel's 'Loki' is just its latest cameo](https://www.businessinsider.com/mcdonalds-new-as-featured-in-meal-inspired-films-tv-shows-2023-8)
- [USAToday: New McDonald's meal: The 'As Featured In Meal' highlights 'Loki' Season 2](https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/food/2023/08/14/mcdonalds-as-featured-in-meal-loki/70586921007/)
- [AdAge: McDonald's 'As Featured In Meal' reminds customers that Marvel's 'Loki' is just its latest cameo](https://adage.com/article/cmo-strategy/mcdonalds-featured-meal-reminds-customers-marvels-loki-just-its-latest-cameo/2388746)

Commit message:

Updated As Featured In Project. Added images and added a few links

src/projects/mcdonaldsasfeaturedin.md, after:

---
title: McDonald's As Featured In - Promotion Site
subtitle: How I helped McDonald's celebrate being featured in movies for decades by introducing a new meal and a new promotion site.
introduction: McDonald's celebrated being featured in movies for decades by introducing a new meal and a new promotion site. I was tasked with developing the site. As an international site, the site supported over 105 languages.
years: 2023
order: 3,
dateCreated: 2023-07-05
dateModified: 2025-07-15
tags: ['project', 'post']
imageFront: /assets/img/MCD-AsFeaturedIn-IphoneTilted.png
featuredImage: /assets/img/mcd-featured.png
featuredImageAlt: McDonald's As Featured In Meal
technologies: ['WordPress', 'WPML', 'Lokalize', 'Pantheon', 'JIRA', 'Figma', 'ACF', 'Custom WP Theme', 'Git', 'PHP']
jobTitle: Senior WordPress Developer
---

### Introduction

In the dynamic realm of web development, projects often serve as a testament to collaborative prowess, creativity, and technological finesse. One such project that stands out is the short-lived yet impactful promotional site, "McDonald's As Featured In." This article delves into the intricacies of this two-month endeavor, highlighting the collaborative efforts, tools, and technologies that brought it to life.

### Project Overview

"McDonald's As Featured In" was not just a promotional site; it was a convergence of creativity and collaboration between McDonald's and [the renowned Skateboard Apparel Shop, Palace](https://palaceskateboards.com). The objective was clear — to create a visually compelling and engaging platform that showcased McDonald's global influence while seamlessly integrating the unique aesthetic of Palace. In tandem with the launch of the "As Featured In" meal, the site was designed to highlight McDonald's presence in movies and TV shows.

![McDonald's As Featured In Meal](/assets/img/mcd-featured.png)
![McDonald's As Featured In Packaging](/assets/img/AsFeaturedIn-Fries-Package.JPG)

### Collaboration and Team Dynamics

The backbone of any successful project lies in effective collaboration. Daily stand-up meetings, quality assurance processes, and the utilization of JIRA for project management ensured a smooth workflow. This was important to the quick turnaround for this project.

### Design and Development

The design phase, executed in Figma by the talented designers of TMSW, laid the foundation for a visually clear and user-friendly interface. As the lead developer, my role was pivotal in translating these designs into a fully functional website.

### Technological Stack

The project was built on WordPress. We built a custom theme with Advanced Custom Fields (ACF) that facilitated seamless content management and customization. For version control we used Git in Github, ensuring that the development process was streamlined and efficient. The integration of [Lokalise](https://lokalise.com).com with WPML played a pivotal role in streamlining the content translation. It allowed for efficient translation management, ensuring that content updates were reflected accurately across all 105 locales. To achieve global reach and cater to diverse audiences, the project employed a robust technological stack. The website was hosted by [Pantheon](https://pantheon.io), a high-performance hosting platform that ensured optimal speed and reliability.

### Localization and Global Deployment

One of the project's standout achievements was its global footprint. With content translated into 105 languages, the site was published in an equal number of countries. This not only showcased McDonald's international influence but also demonstrated the technical prowess of the team.

### Conclusion

"McDonald's As Featured In" might have had a brief run, but its impact was far-reaching. The collaboration between McDonald's and Palace, coupled with the technical finesse of the development team, resulted in a visually appealing, multilingual website that transcended borders.

This project is not just a testament to technical expertise; it is a showcase of the seamless integration of design, development, and collaboration. As the lead developer, steering this project was not only a professional milestone but also a testament to the power of teamwork in the ever-evolving landscape of web development.

### Press

- [Adweek: Loki and Michael Scott Walk Into a McDonald's: Brand Serves Up Iconic TV and Film Orders](https://www.adweek.com/brand-marketing/loki-and-michael-scott-walk-into-a-mcdonalds-brand-serves-up-iconic-tv-and-film-orders/)
- [BusinessInsider: McDonald's 'As Featured in Meal' reminds customers that Marvel's 'Loki' is just its latest cameo](https://www.businessinsider.com/mcdonalds-new-as-featured-in-meal-inspired-films-tv-shows-2023-8)
- [USAToday: New McDonald's meal: The 'As Featured In Meal' highlights 'Loki' Season 2](https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/food/2023/08/14/mcdonalds-as-featured-in-meal-loki/70586921007/)
- [AdAge: McDonald's 'As Featured In Meal' reminds customers that Marvel's 'Loki' is just its latest cameo](https://adage.com/article/cmo-strategy/mcdonalds-featured-meal-reminds-customers-marvels-loki-just-its-latest-cameo/2388746)

---
#### Changelog
- July 15, 2025: Added another image and updated content.
